Why don't you welcome me?
Gu Beichen, what do you want to do?
A maid
You dare to question me here?
Gu Beichen, what are you doing, Lin Jingyun?
You are really brave now
You won't feel like you're in the rain of concubines
No one dares to touch you in the whole golden bottle?
Gu Beichen, I am different from you.
Not as cheap as you
Lin Jingyun, how dare you say that about my son?
I said what's wrong with your son
You care about your family for profit
If you dare to do it, don't be afraid of others saying
The reason why you created this opportunity
It's your own fault
Lin Nianyun
I'll give you another chance now to return the Gu family to me
Give me your Lin family again
I can remember your home from before.
Do you think it's possible?
My jade bracelet
Yes, you kneel down now
I might consider returning the table to you
Your dreams are not expensive, are they?
Sorry about that.
My jade bracelet